[MUSIC]
>> Justin Meyer: So there's one other
thing that's good to be aware of.
It's Event Delegation, it's this cool
thing in jQuery that allows you to listen.
Instead of listening on every,
let's say you wanted to listen to when
all anchors in the page are clicked on.
Instead of listening on,
going to every single anchor and
sending up an event handler, you can set
up an event handler on the body, and
check if the target was an anchor.
So, register an event handler there,
and then what you would do is wait for
that event to propagate up to the body,
dispatch the body's event handler,
and then you would check the target
to see if that was the element you
were looking for to do stuff on.
So to give an example, if I wanted to know
any time an anchor was clicked on and
just say, you just clicked on an anchor,
here's the code.
I can listen on the body for a click,
check if the target was an anchor, and
then say, you clicked on an anchor.
>> Justin Meyer: Kind of handy.
That's way faster than going
to every single element and
setting up an event handler.
And, this works if people add or
remove anchors at will.
So, I have an event delegation but
I'm not going to show.
I'm just going to say,
jQuery has an event delegation.
It has event delegation that
lets you listen on an element.
But listen for any time a div
might be clicked in the body, and
will call this back for you.
So this is super useful if you
have anything high performance.
If you're trying to draw thousand rows,
like tr's, and
you want to listen to any time
one of those tr's is clicked,
don't register an event handler
on every one of those table rows.
Set up on some element, something that
listens to when a tr is clicked, and
only setup one event listener,
much faster.
So what jQuery's onClick does, just to
walk through it again a little bit better,
is it listens to,
has its event listener on the body, and
then it's just going to check if
this matches the selector div.
And, if it doesn't, it's going to go
to that element's parent and check if
that matches the selector div, and if it
does, then it's going to do the call back.
It's going to call some call back.
And I have a,
there is an example of this in place, but
I'm not going to walk through it,
unfortunately.
I don't know if Mark will let me send in
a personal video that I could add to this
later.
>> Mark: Yes, sure.
>> Justin Meyer: Okay, I'll make this
last like half hour of content, and
then I'll clean it up good and
I'll send it, and you can append to the-
>> Mark: Yes, yes.
>> Justin Meyer: That works?
>> Mark: Yes.
Other teachers have done that.
>> Justin Meyer: Okay, yes.
>> Mark: Just link it to this,
underneath the video.
>> Justin Meyer: Yes.
>> Mark: Or underneath the course,
extra videos.
>> Justin Meyer: Yes,
you can do whatever you want.
Okay, so I'll go through how
Event Delegation is set up, and
I'll probably do a run through those whole
events, so that you guys can get it.
And my apologies for kind of running late.
There's a lot to squeeze in if you're
going to learn everything there is to know
about JavaScript in the DOM and
jQuery in two days.
So thank you for hanging in there.
Don't, the one final point,
don't use DOM 0 and DOM 1 event handlers.
You might see people sticking
on click in the page like this.
Now if you're doing it with Angular,
or one of the frameworks,
it's a little bit different.
Why it's okay there, and not okay here.
But this is how people used
to add event listeners.
Don't do that,
I still see that once in a while.
And instead of doing this, use the
addEventListener, because that allows you
to have multiple event handlers instead
of just one event handler on an element.